## Newest Release

### 2020.1.2 - 24 Feb 2020

- Fixes an issue with the application of document operations or digital signatures to documents with remote URLs. (#2388)

## Previous Releases

### 2020.1.1 - 13 Feb 2020

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2020.1 – 31 Jan 2020

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2020/pspdfkit-web-2020-1/)._

- Adds APIs for inspecting digital signature status and digitally signing uploaded documents (see the [migration guide](https://pspdfkit.com/guides/server/current/migration-guides/2020-1-migration-guide/)).
- Adds APIs to create and list Instant Comments in documents (see the [migration guide](https://pspdfkit.com/guides/server/current/migration-guides/2020-1-migration-guide/)).
- Adds support for connecting to a Redis instance secured via TLS. (#1990)
- Adds file size information to `GET /api/documents/:document_id/properties` and `GET /api/documents/:document_id/layers/:layer_name/properties`. (#2245)
- Adds Swagger definitions for the Server to Server API and an experimental, interactive API Explorer accessible from the PSPDFKit Server Dashboard. (#2059)
- Adds support to two new document operations, `applyInstantJson` and `applyXfdf`. (#2292)
- Fixes PDF download for documents with multiline titles. (#2232)
- Fixes an issue where connection to Postgres wouldn't use TLS despite `PGSSL=true` option being set. (#2242)
- Fixes PDF file download for documents where form fields have been deleted. (#2187)

### 2019.5.4 - 5 Dec 2019

- Adds support for incremental save, which preserves digital signatures when downloading a PDF document. (#2141)
- Fixes an issue where multiple concurrent requests that depended on a single remote document or other asset would fetch multiple copies of it. (#2163)
- Fixes uploading PDF files larger than 64 MB where request's `Transfer-Encoding` is not `chunked`. (#2200)
- Fixes an issue where downloading the PDF for a specific Instant Layer after a document editing operation would return the wrong PDF document. (#2213)

### 2019.5.3 - 5 Nov 2019

- Adds the ability to attach an Instant JSON or XFDF file when adding a remote document via the dashboard. (#2113)
- Fixes an issue that affected `POST /api/documents/:document_id/apply_operations` and `POST /api/documents/:document_id/pdf_with_operations` with `multipart/form-data` content type. (#2123)
- Fixes annotation display order in exported PDF files - now the order is consistent with what is shown by the Web SDK viewer. (#2127).

### 2019.5.2 - 16 Oct 2019

- API: `GET /api/documents/:document_id/pdf` with a query string layer parameter is deprecated in favour of `GET /api/documents/:document_id/layers/:layer_name/pdf`. (#2056)
- API: `POST /api/documents/:document_id/layers` now accepts both source layer name and an Instant JSON file to be imported at the same time. (#2061)
- API: `POST /api/documents` now supports attaching an Instant JSON or an XFDF file when creating a document from a URL. (#2102)
- Adds a toolbar button to download the Instant JSON file for the current open document and layer in the dashboard. (#2079)
- Fixes an issue in the assignment of autogenerated document IDs when empty-string document ID was provided on upload. (#2068)
- Fixes an issue affecting error handling while fetching a remote document. (#2073)
- Fixes an issue which prevented adding a new page with dimensions expressed in floats. (#2094)
- Removes `DATABASE_QUEUE_SIZE` and `DATABASE_QUEUE_TIMEOUT_MS` configuration options. (#2090)

### 2019.5.1 - 19 Sep 2019

- Fixes an issue affecting error handling while fetching a remote document. (#2073)
- Fixes permission check for the document cover endpoint. (#2076)

### 2019.5 - 9 Sep 2019

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2019/pspdfkit-web-2019-5/)._

- API: removes support for `2017.6` Server API version (see the [migration guide](https://pspdfkit.com/guides/server/current/migration-guides/2019-5-migration-guide/). (#2044)
- Changes ULID timestamp resolution to be monotonic. (#2051)
- Fixes an issue in the automatic creation of Instant Layers. (#2050)
- Fixes an issue affecting timeout handling while fetching a remote document. (#2057)

### 2019.4.1 - 2 Aug 2019

- Improves general performance by applying database indexes for most frequent query paths. (#2038)

### 2019.4 - 31 Jul 2019

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2019/pspdfkit-web-2019-4/)._

- Adds support to preview and apply Document Editor operations via the Web SDK and new Server API endpoints (see the [migration guide](https://pspdfkit.com/guides/server/current/migration-guides/2019-4-migration-guide/)).
- Improves the caching strategy for PSPDFKit for Web artifacts so that it now avoids ETag verification round trips if possible. (#1973)
- Fixes the status code for failed searches. (#1993)

### 2019.3.1 - 19 Jun 2019

- Fixes an issue that affected synchronization of deleted annotations. (#1962)
- Fixes printing and rendering very large PDF files in WebP format. (#1964)
- Fixes a file leak when uploading/downloading files via the S3 asset storage. (#1970)
- Fixes download of PDF files to have human-readable name and correct `content-disposition` header. (#1972)

### 2019.3 - 29 May 2019

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2019/pspdfkit-web-2019-3/)._

- Adds support for secure connections to PostgreSQL databases with SSL. (#1949)

### 2019.2.4 - 13 May 2019

- Adds support for supplying custom fonts to PSPDFKit Server. (#1937)
- Fixes printing and exporting PDF files containing form field values with CJK glyphs and missing font information. (#1948)
- Fixes a memory leak when uploading/downloading files via the S3 asset storage. (#1950)

### 2019.2.3 - 29 Apr 2019

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2019.2.2 - 25 Apr 2019

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2019.2.1 - 19 Apr 2019

- Fixes an issue that could prevent new installations from booting. (#1936)

### 2019.2 - 18 Apr 2019

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2019/pspdfkit-web-2019-2/)._

- Adds support for layer creation via the `/api/documents/:id/layers` endpoint. (#1895)
- Adds support for defining a custom title when creating a new document. (#1921)
- Adds a timestamp to each log entry. (#1931)
- Fixes a bug where the `api/documents/:id/prerender` logged an error instead of returning 404. (#1905)
- Fixes a bug where the `api/documents/:id/prerender` would default to incorrectly render the entire document. (#1916)

### 2019.1.4 - 4 Apr 2019

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2019.1.3 - 27 Mar 2019

- Improves management of local cache across reboots. (#1887)
- Fixes an issue which would cause the LOG_LEVEL setting to be ignored. (#1897)
- Fixes a missing response body for a 500 error response arising from a `hash_mismatch` error. (#1894)
- Fixes an issue processing documents with inconsistent UTF8 encoding. (#1889)
- Fixes an issue which would cause temporary file to grow unbound. (#1900)

### 2019.1.2 - 28 Feb 2019

- Adds storage information to the document properties endpoint. (#1877)
- Adds REMOTE_URL_FETCH_TIMEOUT option to set the timeout enforced when fetching remote urls. (#1878)

### 2019.1.1 - 14 Feb 2019

- Adds support to set scales, start page and end page for document prerender endpoint. (#1858)
- Fixes an issue with token authentication. (#1867)
- Fixes a bug in the error response for a non-existing document info request. (#1868)
- Fixes the display of node limit in the dashboard. (#1871)

### 2019.1 - 7 Feb 2019

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2019/pspdfkit-web-2019-1/)._

- Adds option to choose a layer to be copied with Instant JSON. (#1841)
- Adds a mandatory opt-in for document numeric IDs deprecation. (#1855)
- Adds MIN_SEARCH_QUERY_LENGTH option to set the minimum required length of a search query for the public API. (#2632)
- Fixes a bug in the error response for a non-existing document outline request. (#1845)
- Fixes a bug in the error response for when failing to import an Instant JSON file. (#1857)
- Fixes an issue where instances of pspdfkit fail to close. (#C18551)

### 2018.7.1 - 15 Jan 2019

- Improves the resilience of the licensing check process at application boot. (#1829)
- Fixes and issue in updating embedded stamps. (#1814)
- Fixes a bug that prevented refreshing dashboard internal URLs. (#1822)
- Fixes a bug that prevented the outline.json endpoint from responding correctly. (#1832)
- Fixes a bug that prevented the document text endpoint from responding correctly. (#1830)

### 2018.7 – 18 Dec 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-7/)._

- Adds log and dashboard warnings regarding upcoming deprecation of document numeric IDs in favour of ULIDs. (#1809)
- Adds support for documents sorting in the dashboard. (#1784)
- Improves the error message, when an invalid permission is set in the authentication JWT. (#1693)
- Improves performance of attachment queries. (#1781)
- Expands what is cached in the optional Redis cache to give better performance at the cost of an increased cache size. (#1779 and #1794)
- Fixes an issue where stamp annotations added to rotated PDF pages were not rendered correctly. (W#2521)
- Fixes a bug where image annotations that were already included in the original PDF could not get deleted. (#1777)
- Fixes a bug where some endpoints logged an error when an invalid route was called instead of returning 404. (#1792)
- Fixes an issue where form fields where not properly extracted for certain PDFs. (#1766)
- Fixes a bug where stale attachments were not deleted for remote documents when the document got deleted. (#1700)
- Fixes a bug that prevented the successful upload of certain PDFs. (#1683)
- Fixes a bug that affected the deletion of images already part of existing PDFs. (#1780)
- Fixes a bug that where embedded stamp annotations did not update properly. (#1813)

### 2018.6.1 – 16 Nov 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.6 – 13 Nov 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-6/)._

- Adds API endpoint for downloading annotation attachments. (#1703)
- Adds API endpoint to search for text in documents. (#1707)
- Adds support for arbitrary string identifiers for documents. (#1397)
- Increases the maximum resolution of the `/cover` endpoint. (#1752)
- Fixes a bug, where image annotations were not included in exported PDFs. (#1722)
- Fixes a bug, where the last license check date was not displayed correctly in the dashboard. (#1732)
- Fixes a bug, where newly added web domains were not updated when updating the license from the dashboard. (#1736)

### 2018.5.2 – 16 Nov 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.5.1 – 10 Sep 2018

- Fixes an issue with the JWT_PUBLIC_KEY option by working around a recent AWS regression. (#1694)
- Fixes an issue when exporting certain PDFs. (#1690)

### 2018.5 – 4 Sept 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-5/)._

- Adds support to configure the amount of database connections via the `DATABASE_CONNECTIONS` environment variable. (#1481)
- Adds support to fetch text lines for all pages of document. (#1598)
- Adds support for our new Document Editor API. (#1603)
- Adds support for the Document Outline API. (#1664)
- Adds support to import Instant JSON on an existing document. (#1665)
- Improves asset storage to also cache the original PDF. (#1675)
- Fixes a bug where remote documents with HTTP redirects could not get printed. (#1661)
- Fixes a bug where error responses from remote documents block future requests. (#1681)
- Fixes a bug where the server was not able to start without setting the `DASHBAORD_USERNAME` and `DASHBOARD_PASSWORD` options. (#1667)

### 2018.4.3 – 16 Nov 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.4.2 – 24 Aug 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.4.1 – 31 Jul 2018

- Fixes a bug where note annotations were not rendered when printing a document. (#1635)
- Fixes a bug where remote documents could not get deleted. (#1654)
- Fixes a bug where remote documents could not get printed. (#1656)

### 2018.4 – 12 Jul 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-4/)._

- Fixes a bug where the `/cover` endpoint did not render annotations. (#1223)
- Fixes a bug resulting in a timeout error when PSPDFKit Server was trying to cache specific documents. (#1602)
- Fixes a slow migration, that was introduced in version 2018.2.1. (#1614)
- Fixes a bug where the server shuts down on a failed license ping when using a development license. (#1627)
- Fixes a bug where the server could not start with Redis as an additional image cache. (#1631)

### 2018.3.3 – 16 Nov 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.3.2 – 20 Jun 2018

- Adds support for Azure Database for PostgreSQL and Google Cloud SQL for Postgres. (#1578)
- Fixes a bug, where the server was unable to start with some supported Postgres versions. (#1601)
- Fixes a bug causing wrong log messages in case there was a problem fetching a PDF. (#1602)
- Fixes a bug where HTTP status 400 instead of 500 was returned in case there was a problem fetching a PDF. (#1602)
- Fixes a bug, where documents with forms including long form field names could not be stored. (#1604)

### 2018.3.1 – 4 Jun 2018

- Fixes a bug where some server configuration variables were ignored. (#1591)

### 2018.3 – 31 May 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-3/)._

- Adds API endpoint to delete layers. (#1539)
- Adds support for password protected PDFs. (#1565)
- Fixes a bug where layer names with special characters were not displayed correctly in the dashboard. (#1567)
- Fixes a bug where the document.json endpoint returns 404, when a layer is specified. (#1576)
- Fixes a bug where timestamps were not viewed correctly in the dashboard because timezone data was ignored. (#1575)

### 2018.2.2 – 16 Nov 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.2.1 – 2 May 2018

- Increases the size limit for multipart/form-data requests, when uploading a document. (#1566)
- Fixes a bug where the server did not correctly return HTTP status 404 for some invalid URLs. (#1543)
- Fixes a bug where documents with attachments and multiple layers could not be deleted. (#1553)
- Fixes a bug where the server could not migrate to another asset storage due to non-existing attachment files. (#1555)
- Fixes a bug where uploading multiple documents at the same time could block other request for a certain time. (#1557)
- Fixes a bug where the instant.json API endpoint returned internal server error when using an asset storage backend other than built-in. (#1568)

### 2018.2 – 28 Mar 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-2/)._

- Adds layer support to the dashboard. (#1420)
- Adds API endpoint to fetch a pages text lines. (#1477)
- Adds support to prerender and cache documents via Redis. (#1496)
- Adds support for ignoring invalid annotations on PDF export instead of failing the export. (#1521)
- Adds support for validating a JWT via the Dashboard. (#1522)
- Adds API endpoint to fetch highlighted text within a page. (#1525)
- Adds a warning to the dashboard when the default secret key base value is used in production. (#1519)
- Improves asset storage cache performance. (#1511)
- Improves pagination design in dashboard. (#1515)
- Fixes a bug where the server could not start with the default secret key base. (#1519)
- Fixes a bug where form information was lost when importing and exporting PDFs without the Forms feature. (#1514)

### 2018.1.5 – 16 Nov 2018

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2018.1.4 – 15 Mar 2018

- Allows startup with default `SECRET_KEY_BASE` value with trial and development licenses. (#1513)
- Fixes a bug in the license check for starting multiple nodes. (#1510)
- Fixes a bug causing subsequent document uploads to fail after a previous upload crashed. (#1516)

### 2018.1.3 – 8 Mar 2018

- Fixes several bugs preventing downloads of PDFs. (#1499, #1503, #1505)
- Fixes bug preventing copying of layer containing attachments. (#1507)

### 2018.1.2 – 28 Feb 2018

- Adds support for automatic link extraction from text. (#1487)
- Improves error messages when timeouts occur on the document cache. (#1494)
- Fixes a bug where PDFs including attachments stored on S3 could not be downloaded. (#1491)

### 2018.1.1 – 14 Feb 2018

- Adjusts default limits for HTTP header value length. (#1483)

### 2018.1 – 8 Feb 2018

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2018/pspdfkit-web-2018-1/)._

- Adds support for XFDF and Instant JSON import and export. (#1427)
- Adds check to prevent Server startup when using default `SECRET_KEY_BASE` value. (#1448)
- Adds support for updating a license without restarting the server. (#1418)
- Adds pagination to the documents view in the dashboard. (#1412)
- Improves error messages for asset storage migrations. (#1429)
- Improves warnings, when insecure default options are used. (#1214)
- Fixes a bug where pdfs with large image annotations could not be loaded. (#1383)

### 2017.9.4 – 24 Jan 2018

- Fixes a bug where some internal endpoints returned 500, because of a transaction rollback. (#1446)

### 2017.9.3 – 12 Jan 2018

- Fixes a bug where deprecation warning were unnecessarily shown. (#1425)
- Fixes a bug where some documents can not be loaded, when instant is disabled. (#1443)

### 2017.9.2 – 20 Dec 2017

- Fixes a bug where the edit-annotations permission is missing when the all-2017.3 or all-2017.9 permission is used. (#1407)
- Fixes the `instance.destroy() is not a function` JavaScript error in the dashboard. (#1410)
- Fixes a bug where the server is not able to migrate between asset storage backends. (#1413)
- Fixes a bug where the server is not able to migrate the database when documents with long titles (> 100 characters) exist. (#1416)

### 2017.9.1 – 15 Dec 2017

- Fixed a bug that prevented forms from being shown when uploading already existing documents to local storage. (#1402)
- Fixed activation of trial licenses. (#1403)

### 2017.9 – 14 Dec 2017

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2017/pspdfkit-web-2017-9/)._

- Adds form support via Instant. (#1367)
- Introduces Instant Layers for Web. (#1367)
- Fixes use of deprecated functions in migrations. (#1393)

### 2017.8.1 – 6 Dec 2017

- Fixes a bug preventing sync on copied documents. (#1380)

### 2017.8 – 22 Nov 2017

- Improve logging during asset storage migrations. (#1364)
- Changes annotation IDs from numerical to client-side generated string IDs. (#1234)
- Update to Erlang 20.1 and Elixir 15.2. (#1292)
- Fixes a bug causing asset storage migrations to crash. (#1365)
- Fixes auth_payload_size_limit too low. Increased to 10k byte. (#1368)

### 2017.7.1 – 15 Nov 2017

- Fixes a bug where the server failed to start on single core systems. (#1347)
- Fixes a bug where setting the user id via the API caused requests to fail. (#1342)

### 2017.7 – 25 Oct 2017

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2017/pspdfkit-web-2017-7/)._

- API: Implemented version 2 for the following HTTP API endpoints (#1302):
  - `/api/documents/:document_id/annotations`
  - `/api/documents/:document_id/annotations/:annotation_id_string`
- Adds support for connecting multiple servers to one database. (#1171)
- Adds support for adding documents by URLs. (#1247)
- Adds Built-In storage backend and sets it as the default storage backend (see the [migration guide](https://pspdfkit.com/guides/server/current/migration-guides/2017-7-migration-guide/)). (#1260)
- Fixes a bug where temporary files did not get deleted correctly. (#1322)

### 2017.6.1 – 2 Oct 2017

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2017.6 – 18 Sept 2017

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2017/pspdfkit-web-2017-6/)._

- Added an API endpoint to delete documents: `DELETE /api/documents/:document_id`. (#1249)
- Fixed a bug where the original parameter of the pdf endpoint does not work. (#1270)

### 2017.5.4 – 31 Aug 2017

- Fixed a bug where the dashboard required a valid Instant license. (#1254)
- Fixed a bug with the S3 asset storage configuration. (#1248)

### 2017.5.3 – 17 Aug 2017

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2017.5.2 – 9 Aug 2017

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2017.5.1 – 24 Jul 2017

No server-specific changes in this version.

### 2017.5 – 20 Jul 2017

_See the [announcement post](https://pspdfkit.com/blog/2017/pspdfkit-web-2017-5/)._

- API: Changes some of the HTTP API endpoints:
  - `POST /api/document` is deprecated in favour of `POST /api/documents`.
  - `GET /api/document?document_id=:document_id` is deprecated in favour of `GET /api/documents/:document_id/pdf`.
  - `GET /api/document_properties?document_id=:document_id` is deprecated in favour of `GET /api/documents/:document_id/properties`.
  - `PUT /api/document_properties` is deprecated.
- Adds support for connecting PSPDFKit for Android and iOS to PSPDFKit Instant.
- Adds S3 and S3-compatible object storage services as supported asset storage backends.
- Fixes issue where newly created documents did not sync until a user creates an annotation. (#1191)
